P1. memory loss
A1. Reminder App set to help you remember the things you cant remember , it would make a funny noise at a certain time

P2. Want to know what your sleep schedule is
A2.Sleep Tracker App that records your sleep cycle and tells you about it in the morning (example: "you had 3 hours fo deep sleep last night , 1 hour light sleep and 4 hours snoring

P3.Getting tired of Clicking your Mouse 
A3. Autoclicker App that when you press a cetain key on you keyboard (example: F6) , the Left Mouse Button will virtually click all on its own ( you can set it to what ever speed or time limit you want)

P4. Forgetting Coding stuff (for Aley Hafez)
A4. Coding Dictionary , this app contains all the information on most things related to coding (they can search it up on the search bar ,making it easier to acsess information)

P5.Lack Of Social Skills (for Aley Hafez and Lewis Harrison)
A5. Social Powers , this app can help you learn how to talk and impress people ( not including females , We still dont know how to speak to them yet ) 

P6. No More Aley To Be Funny
A6. Pocket Aley App , this app is a companion similar to its predecessors : Google, Siri And Alexa . This app can tell you jokes and give you advice based on the situation you've found yourself in.

P7.Broken Flashlight
A7. If you have a broken flashlight and your phone's torch doesn't seem to work , this app is for you . The app will be called Flashy Phone ( Trademarked ) it makes your screen white and bright , making it seem as a light source.

P8.Don't Know What You're Rights Are 
A8. Rightful Edge , this app has a full list of you're human rights and the laws that can be used against you in court . This should help out some people who are getting arrested for smaller crimes , but are making it worse as they have no clue what theya re talking about.

P9.Struggling to find a good Anime Streaming App
A9. LopAnime, this app is a free streaming app mainly streaming Anime of all kinds ( made by Lewis Harrison.) This will stop people using websites or paying extreme amounts of money to watch addless anime; it would be funded by people buying a premium service to watch some anime before their release.

P10. Untidy Room Issue
A10. Cleaner Scanner , this app uses your camera to take a picture of the mess . It uses an image of a tidy room similar to yours for referance , helping you realise how you should be tidying your room.